depend on fissix, lib2to3 fork Fixes #202 (#203)
python-modernize/python-modernize: README.rst

      | '  \/ _ \/ _` / -_) '_| ' \| |_ / -_)
      |_|_|_\___/\__,_\___|_| |_||_|_/__\___|

> This library is a very thin wrapper around `fissix
> <https://github.com/python/cpython/tree/master/Lib/fissix>`_ to utilize it

Author: ```suggestion
This library is a very thin wrapper around `fissix
<https://github.com/jreese/fissix>`_, a fork of lib2to3, to utilize it
```
